feat(changelog): audit-trail-added-native-splunk-integration-for-audit-t 2026-08-06 (#6759)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2026/2026-08-06-audit-trail-added-native-splunk-integration-for-audit-t.mdx

---
title: Native Splunk integration for Audit Trail 
status: added
date: 2026-08-06
category: monitoring
product: audit-trail
---

> You can now easily manage your Audit Trail logs in your Splunk infrastructure thanks to the Scaleway Add-on for Splunk and the Scaleway App for Splunk. You will find both of them in Splunkbase. Read [our documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/audit-trail/reference-content/splunk-integration/) to learn how to integrate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now easily manage your Audit Trail logs in your Splunk infrastructure thanks to the Scaleway Add-on for Splunk and the Scaleway App for Splunk. You will find both of them in [Splunkbase](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/apps?page=1&keyword=scaleway). Read [our documentation](/audit-trail/reference-content/splunk-integration/) to learn how to integrate them.
```
